fix: add create agent, handlers and reply types (#1081)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/agents/setup-your-agent/index.mdx

---
title: "Setup your Agent"
pageTitle: 'Setup your Agent'
description: 'Set up your Novu Agent: create an agent and connect providers and wire up your application code.'
---

import { Step, Steps } from 'fumadocs-ui/components/steps';

A conversational agent has following components:
- Agent Name
- Agent Identifier

> - Agent Description

Reviewer: Add a definition for each component.

- Agent Status

> - Agent creation timestamp and date

Reviewer: All bullets should be consistantly capitalized.

- Connected Providers (Slack, MS Teams, etc.)
- Agent Bridge URL
- Agent Logic (Code)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Create a new agent

> - To setup your agent, head over to the [Agents page](https://dashboard.novu.co/agents) on the Novu dashboard and click on the **Add Agent** button on the top right corner.

Reviewer: Write this procedure as numbered steps.

Also, "set up" is two words when it is a verb.

> - Give your agent a human readable name. This name will be used further in the slack and ms teams channels to mention the agent. Name can be changed later.

Reviewer: Fix capitalization.

> - Novu will autogenrate the identifier field based on the name you provide. This identifier will be used to identify the agent in the code. `Identifier` becomes `agentId` and can not be changed later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Novu autogenerates the identifier field based on the name you provide. This identifier is used to identify the agent in the code. `Identifier` becomes `agentId` and can not be changed later.
```

Reviewer: This is not a separate step.

> - Add description for your agent to help others understand the purpose of the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a description for your agent to help others understand the purpose of the agent.
```

> - Click on the **Create** button to create the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Click **Create** to create the agent.
```

> - Once agent is created, you will be redirected to the agent details page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Once agent is created, you are redirected to the agent details page.
```

> - On agent details page, providers can be connected to the agent. Read more about connecting providers in the [Connect Providers](/agents/setup-your-agent/connect-providers) section.

Reviewer: Reference sentences should be:

For..., refer to LINK.
